Expires : Wed, 30 Jan 2019 18:44:24 GMT
	The Date and Time that the request is considered "stale" (outdated response) and should be refreshed

Date : Wed, 30 Jan 2019 18:44:24 GMT
	The Date and Time that the request was made
	
Cache-Control :
	* private, 
	* max-age = 0, 
	* must-revalidate, 
	* no-transform
	
	Settings related to caching. 
		Private means response was intended for a single user, and may not be stored in a shared cache
		max-age refers to the amount of time (in seconds) that the response data is considered "fresh". When max age is 0, the response should not be stored in the cache
		must-revalidate means that if the response data has been cached, the request should be revalidated instead of pulled from the cache
		no-transform means that no transformations or conversions should be made to the resource.
		
ETag : "IUREzboS_XZycecz4xfru1ipYfo/crUFEVV4stSFsmTcHB6Ff8SXXB8"
	An itentifier for a specific version of the resource. It is used for web cache validation

Vary : Origin
	Tells downstream proxies how to match future request headers to decide whether the cached response can be used rather than requesting a fresh one from the origin server.
	Vary origin is considered the most efficient form of caching.
	

Vary : X-Origin
	Used to add custom headers (generally proprietary)

Content-Type : application/json; charset=UTF-8
	content-type represents the formatting style of the response data. in this case, it was a JSON application using the UTF-8 encoded characters

Content-Encoding : gzip
	content-encoding specifies the type of encoding used on the data. In this case, gzip encoding was the encoding method.

X-Content-Type-Options : nosniff
	x-content-type-options can only receive the value of "nosniff" which prevents internet explorer from MIME sniffing the response

X-Frame-Options : SAMEORIGIN
	the sameorigin specifier for the x-frame-options header means that rendering will not be performed if there is a mismatch of request origins

X-XSS-Protection : 1; mode=block
	This header acts as a filter to help protect against Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks. mode=block means that these attempted attacks are blocked (mode of handling the attack)

Server : GSE
	The name of the server from which the response was receive. For this case, the server name was GSE

Alt-Svc : quic=":443"; ma=2592000; v="44,43,39"
	"alt-svc" stands for "alternate services", and it represents an alternate network location (host or port) which the resources can be accessed using a different protocol

Transfer-Encoding : chunked
	The type of encoding used when transferring the response data to the user. In this cased, "chunked" encoding is used